Update readme files (#1)
sergepilipchuk/maui-tree-view: README.md

# DevExpress Tree View for .NET MAUI

The [DXTreeView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.TreeView.DXTreeView) control is part of [DevExpress Mobile UI for .NET MAUI](https://www.devexpress.com/maui/) - a development library that allows you to use a .NET cross-platform UI toolkit and C# to create native apps for iOS and Android.

![DevExpress Mobile UI for .NET MAUI](./img/maui.png)

For a limited time, **DevExpress Mobile UI for .NET MAUI** is available free of charge. To learn more about our offer and obtain your copy, visit the following page: [Free Offer - DevExpress Mobile UI for .NET MAUI](https://www.devexpress.com/xamarin-free).

## Requirements

Register your DevExpress NuGet Feed in Visual Studio to restore packages used in this solution. Review the following article for additional information: [Get Started with DevExpress Mobile UI for .NET MAUI](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403249/get-started).

> You can also refer to the following YouTube video for more information on how to get started with the DevExpress .NET MAUI Controls: [Setting up a .NET MAUI Project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juJvl5UicIQ).

Reviewer: "You can also refer to the following YouTube video for more information on how to get started with DevExpress .NET MAUI Controls"

## What's in This Repository

> This repository contains projects that populate DevExpress .NET MAUI Tree View control with [self-referential (flat)](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#self-referential-data-structure) and [hierarchical](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#hierarchical-data-structure) data.

Reviewer: "This repository contains projects that populate the DevExpress .NET MAUI Tree View control..."

## What's in This Repository

> This repository contains projects that display information in a tree from [self-referential (flat)](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#self-referential-data-structure) and [hierarchical](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#hierarchical-data-structure) data structures:

Reviewer 2: I wanted to rewrite that a little, because it's a very quick transition from "tree" to "flat" and I was a bit confused. The first time I read the sentence I actually read it "in a tree FORM", which obviously didn't make much sense... Anyway, the sentence is rather long and I want to have one complete thought first - we display things in a Tree View control. And then we list possible data source types. 

```suggestion
This repository contains projects that populate DevExpress .NET MAUI Tree View control with data. Two types of data sources can supply values to the control: [self-referential (flat)](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#self-referential-data-structure) and [hierarchical](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/404899/tree-view/display-hierarchical-data#hierarchical-data-structure):
```

Author: The first sentence looks good, but the second one is misleading a bit. I do not think that we can say **hierarchical data source** or **self-referencial data source**. It is about a data structure within data source. But we can say that the data source contains flat data (self-referencial data) or hierarchical data. In this case, I would extend the first sentence in the following way:  "This repository contains projects that populate DevExpress .NET MAUI Tree View control with self-referential (flat) and hierarchical data."
